thanks nafisa now if you're just joining
us here on BBC News just to bring you up
to speed with what's been happening
Israel has confirmed that it has carried
out a targeted strike Israel's Army says
it has carried out a strike in Beirut
targeting the Hezbollah Commander it
says was responsible for the attack on
the Golden Heights now we are joined by
Hugo BGA who is in southern Lebanon Mark
loen in Jerusalem as well as nafisa
conad who is joining us from Beirut
itself
Hugo get us up to speed with with what's
been happening we just mentioned that
Israel has confirmed that it carried out
this targeted uh strike into
beout do we know yet casualties or how
severe the the blast
was yeah we are seeing some pictures of
uh of the destruction uh at least one
building partially collapsed uh in that
area where this attack happened uh in
the southern suburbs of Beirut again uh
the significance of this attack is that
this happened in an area that is
controlled by Hezbollah in the capital
uh beut so Hezbollah may see this
Israeli attack as a provocation as an
escalation uh in the hostilities and may
decide that uh they have no other option
than uh retaliate so I think this is uh
the big concern here that this could
lead to another escalation in the
hostilities between Hezbollah and Israel
there have been reports here in Lebanese
media suggesting that at least one
person was killed uh several people have
been uh injured as a result of this
attack this is a densely populated uh
area of Beirut and this happened about
an hour ago just after halfast 7 uh in
the evening here uh in Lebanon and uh
the Israeli authorities have confirmed
that they were behind this attack uh
They said that the Target was a
commander that was behind the attack
that happened on Saturday uh that hit
the Israeli occupied golen Heights uh
killing 12 children and teenagers and
right after that attack the Israeli
authorities promised a a response a
severe response they blamed Hezbollah
for the attack we heard from uh the
defense minister of Israel saying that
Hezbollah had crossed uh a red line with
the attack and now this Israeli response
has ol had claimed an attack uh on
Saturday in the area of this explosion
but then after the scale of this attack
became clear it denied any kind of
responsibility any kind of involvement
in this attack that happened on Saturday
and for days we've been waiting for this
response Israeli authorities promising a
uh retaliation and now this happened uh
this evening with the southern suburbs
of Beirut a Hezbollah stronghold uh
being hit
yeah thanks Hugo